src/SourceBuild/content/docs/Reversioning.md, before:

Every year we need to reversion and rebrand the product.  The outcome is we change from building .NET N to .NET N+1, updating version numbers, changing what things target, dropping support for things that are now out of support, etc.

This requires work to happen in nearly every part of the product.  This document aims to capture everything we did last time we did this so that we don't forget next time around.

## arcade

## aspnetcore

- Version: https://github.com/dotnet/aspnetcore/commit/ea3bef8867a5cdcd2500e266f945937fe64b8b7b
- Target Framework: https://github.com/dotnet/aspnetcore/commit/8279d3f8ee47d5e249ef12a99e4d1cacfd5209ec
- Doc: https://github.com/dotnet/aspnetcore/blob/main/docs/UpdatingMajorVersionAndTFM.md

## cecil

## command-line-api

## deployment-tools

## diagnostics

## emsdk

## format

## fsharp

## installer

- Dependency version updates - Need to update some dependency names when swtiching major versions: https://github.com/dotnet/installer/compare/e61a63264b5d791f943c559532a7f3306401a964...6db2bc24eb615b91cd2a247ff7d5013b0d2f4373

## msbuild

## nuget-client

## razor

## roslyn-analyzers

## roslyn

## runtime

- Version : https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/pull/90558
- TargetFramework : https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/pull/90880

## scenario-tests

- Version: https://github.com/dotnet/scenario-tests/commit/4535d2e17440e343a5ccb54d140673e0779fce28

## sdk

- Dependency name updates
  - https://github.com/dotnet/sdk/commit/4e8a9d5e7a06757b23d01e564090fe2eff9b65b1

## source-build-externals

- Versioning: https://github.com/dotnet/source-build-externals/pull/208

## source-build-reference-packages

- Versioning: https://github.com/dotnet/source-build-reference-packages/pull/781

## sourcelink

## symreader

## templating

## test-templates

## winforms

- Dependency name updates: https://github.com/dotnet/winforms/pull/9865

## wpf

- Dependency name updates: https://github.com/dotnet/wpf/pull/8196
- Versioning: https://github.com/dotnet/wpf/pull/8099

## windowsdesktop

- Target Framework/WPF dependency update: https://github.com/dotnet/windowsdesktop/pull/3840
- Version: https://github.com/dotnet/windowsdesktop/pull/3791

## vstest

## xdt

## xliff-tasks

Commit message:

Add SDK and installer list to the reversioning document

src/SourceBuild/content/docs/Reversioning.md, after:

Every year we need to reversion and rebrand the product.  The outcome is we change from building .NET N to .NET N+1, updating version numbers, changing what things target, dropping support for things that are now out of support, etc.

This requires work to happen in nearly every part of the product.  This document aims to capture everything we did last time we did this so that we don't forget next time around.

## arcade

## aspnetcore

- Version: https://github.com/dotnet/aspnetcore/commit/ea3bef8867a5cdcd2500e266f945937fe64b8b7b
- Target Framework: https://github.com/dotnet/aspnetcore/commit/8279d3f8ee47d5e249ef12a99e4d1cacfd5209ec
- Doc: https://github.com/dotnet/aspnetcore/blob/main/docs/UpdatingMajorVersionAndTFM.md

## cecil

## command-line-api

## deployment-tools

## diagnostics

## emsdk

## format

## fsharp

## installer

- Dependency version updates - Need to update some dependency names when swtiching major versions: https://github.com/dotnet/installer/compare/e61a63264b5d791f943c559532a7f3306401a964...6db2bc24eb615b91cd2a247ff7d5013b0d2f4373

## msbuild

## nuget-client

## razor

## roslyn-analyzers

## roslyn

## runtime

- Version : https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/pull/90558
- TargetFramework : https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/pull/90880

## scenario-tests

- Version: https://github.com/dotnet/scenario-tests/commit/4535d2e17440e343a5ccb54d140673e0779fce28

## sdk
[Installer Branding](https://github.com/dotnet/installer/pull/17194)
[Installer table](https://github.com/dotnet/installer/pull/17224)
[.NET9 runtime and KnownFrameworkReferences](https://github.com/dotnet/installer/pull/17433)
[Target the SDK at .net 9 using installer build from 17433 above](https://github.com/dotnet/sdk/pull/35031)
[Update default templates to target .NET9](https://github.com/dotnet/sdk/pull/34996)
[Update stage 0 installer to unwind some of the temporary changes](https://github.com/dotnet/installer/pull/17617)
[Update stage 0 SDK to unwind some of the temporary changes](https://github.com/dotnet/sdk/pull/36437)
[List of items in the sdk and installer to unwind](https://github.com/dotnet/installer/issues/17453)
- Dependency name updates
  - https://github.com/dotnet/sdk/commit/4e8a9d5e7a06757b23d01e564090fe2eff9b65b1

## source-build-externals

- Versioning: https://github.com/dotnet/source-build-externals/pull/208

## source-build-reference-packages

- Versioning: https://github.com/dotnet/source-build-reference-packages/pull/781

## sourcelink

## symreader

## templating

## test-templates

## winforms

- Dependency name updates: https://github.com/dotnet/winforms/pull/9865

## wpf

- Dependency name updates: https://github.com/dotnet/wpf/pull/8196
- Versioning: https://github.com/dotnet/wpf/pull/8099

## windowsdesktop

- Target Framework/WPF dependency update: https://github.com/dotnet/windowsdesktop/pull/3840
- Version: https://github.com/dotnet/windowsdesktop/pull/3791

## vstest

## xdt

## xliff-tasks
